all right i'm hoping you guys found some
good coffee and doughnuts if you didn't find any
good ones that i didn't bring them or make them
if you did find some great coffee and donuts
i may have had hand in it don't ask the person
um so if you have your bibles with you today we're
going to turn to matthew chapter 28. if you don't
have a bible with me here's my encouragement i use
um the holy bible app on my phone so if you don't
have one with you you can download that um go to
matthew28 if you don't have a bible with you and
you want one before you leave or right now there's
also one back here that we'd love for you to take
one home with you again that's a great way to
learn more about god's word but um we'll be in
matthew 28 today and i just want to share this
um one of the things that we value as a church
is timeless it is truth um one of the things
that i quote all the time it's john 17 17 that
says his word is truth and so because god's word
is truth we have the ability to gain wisdom from
it knowledge to apply to our lives um and so i
just really want to encourage you if you haven't
been spending time in god's word or maybe you've
never opened up god's word before um to do it and
to begin to just explore what is in god's word and
today we'll do that as well um so again we'll be
in matthew 28 we'll start in verse one in just
a second but today we're gonna be talking about
how hope is alive and it was interesting um as
a church um we actually you know probably most
churches around i saw about 20 different churches
promote online that they were having easter
services and one of the things is as we promoted
our church easter service um i had people tagging
my hopes always alive almost like questioning
that i had just made the statement that hope's
only alive today and no other day so just to
be clear hope's alive every day obviously today
we're celebrating that that hope that we have in
jesus is is alive and so um just want to share
this with you when i begin to think about hope
um hope is basically a failure and expectation
um and a desire for certain things to happen from
a biblical standpoint um our hope is desire um is
really a desire based upon the promises of god so
our hope is in god our hope is in the truth that
god gives us through his word and the promises
that he says he will never leave us or forsake us
i hope that we'll have a life beyond this life
as well and so i just want you to think through
just a few things before we get started um and
again i think we've all have probably lived in in
an interesting world over the last year so let me
let me ask you this question and just to give you
your own self-assessment you can answer you
don't have to answer out loud for this but
um how many of you over the last year had a point
where you felt hopeless maybe there was something
that was out of your control that you thought
you always had controls you feel hopeless anyway
i know i have um what about this is is there some
things or some people in your life that maybe have
let you down specifically in the last six months
maybe even uh when we think about what's let us
down maybe it's just it really could be family but
it really could even be those that we're close to
uh in our work but also i would even say just in
our world right in the control that we thought
we had as a as a country when it comes to
sickness when it comes to political issues
we've felt probably hopeless so let me ask
this last question how many of you all know
that there is hope to be found outside
of the things that maybe we have lost
i hope that you do know that i hope if you don't
know that but by the end today you will know that
but hope is alive um and really despite your
circumstances despite what we've all gone
through and what we may continue to go through
that doesn't change and here's the reason why i
want to mention this um does the sun stop shining
when it gets dark anybody this is probably it
doesn't it's always shining just maybe not here
just on the other side of the world see that's
the hope that we have in jesus that jesus is
always present despite the darkness that maybe
we have in our lives i'm thankful for the presence
of jesus today and so today i'm going to start
reading again matthew 28 verses 1 through 8. and
this is what it says it says after the sabbath
as the first day of the week was dawning mary
magdalene and the other mary went to view the tomb
and there was a violent earthquake because an
angel of the lord had descended from heaven
and approached the tomb he rolled back the
stone and was sustained air was sitting on him
his appearance was like lightning and his clothing
was as white as snow and the guards were so shaken
by fear of him that they became like dead men the
angel told the woman or the women don't be afraid
because i know you are looking for jesus who was
crucified he is not here for he has risen just as
he had said come and see the place where he lay
then go quickly and tell his disciples he has
risen from the dead and indeed he's going ahead
and used galilee well you will see him there
listen i have told you so departed quickly from
the tomb with fear and great joy they ran to tell
his disciples the news let's take some time to
pray lord jesus again we're thankful for today
thankful for the opportunity to open your word
and lord i just pray that your presence is here
um that you meet with each person lord
individually lord i pray that as they are
walking through and processing or what you have to
tell them i pray that they individualize the lord
that they are challenged lord to continue to live
their lives out for you and lord if they don't
know you i pray that they come to know you before
they leave today and so will we just pray this
amen before we jump into this text i want to
catch you up see there's every you ever get in
the middle of a story where somebody's sharing
with somebody else and you're like whoa you got
to back up that was the moment i felt whenever
i began to prepare for today's message was
hey wait where were we how did we even get to this
point where hey he's risen hope's alive right how
do we get to that point so i'm just going to kind
of do a quick summary of really what has happened
at this point um and if you notice this is this is
a challenge to you you ever hear something so many
times you're like yeah i've heard that before
i pray today that you think of the story that
i'm getting ready to share with you from a new
perspective let it be refreshing i believe that
there is power remembering what god has done right
so in the beginning god created everything right
god created everything this world everything that
we see us his greatest creation was you and me
and obviously in the beginning that was out of
need right in the beginning god walked in peace
with man and that was his goal right but what we
all know or if you've been around maybe church
enough that sin came into the world right adam and
eve chose to disobey god and in the midst of that
disobedience god can be in the presence of sin
and so what did he do he obviously he kicked
them out of the garden i mean but he didn't leave
him in that condition see that's where the broken
relationship between god and man happened long
time ago but here's the thing we still haven't
solved that right permanently there's
still a broken relationship between
god and man except for the son jesus that he
sent to be able to help that broken relationship
and so what did god do god after sending adam
and eve out of the garden he began to run after
everyone he created because he loved them so
much he says i don't want to see this broken
relationship stay this way so he says the only
way for this to be solved is to send my son jesus
so this is where we get jesus right who is jesus
jesus is the son of god who came down from heaven
fully god and fully man so that's hard to
understand this side of heaven honestly i
still can't quite explain every bit of it but i do
understand this he was fully god which means that
it means this jesus could have came and he had
all the power of god and chose to not use that
he chose to come as a man just like us so he
struggled with the same things we struggle
with so think about the hopelessness maybe you
felt before or some of the struggles you had
jesus felt those he experienced those same things
now without sin without sin so let me just even
start there so what is sin right sin is anything
you think say do or don't do that displeases god
and that sounds like a very very childish way to
think but here's what i would say to this this is
something i hope that really speaks volumes to you
know what sin really is it's just not god's best
sin is what separates you from god but really
it's not god's best but god has so much more
to live a life that is full and free of the the
sin that so easily entangles us and lays us down
so god's not sitting there saying oh you're such
a horrible person nobody say oh gosh i want you to
have something so amazing which is freedom from
that sin so god sent his son jesus to walk this
earth as a again completely human as we understand
the same feelings we had but without sin why did
jesus have to walk without sin on this earth
because in order to be able to pay for our sins
there had to be a perfect sacrifice and here's
what god knew we couldn't walk in we couldn't
live perfect and because of that he didn't say
hey forget it if you can't live perfect then i'm
you're not going to be able to have a relationship
with me it's been an eternity with me he said no
i'll send my son who can walk a perfect life
and be the perfect sacrifice for you so jesus
was hung on a cross for you and me for everyone
that was ever created god sent jesus to hang on
a cross to suffer but die for us and that's a
hard concept and i'm not maybe expecting you to
understand that to a complete t today but what
i would say this is that that was the payment
of our sin in order to come before god again
and have a relationship with god we had to
have a perfect sacrifice and that was jesus
but here's the thing not only his death was
the main part of this it was his resurrection
that's why we're talking about the resurrection
today because if jesus didn't come back to life
he'd be like all the other gods that you hear
about that have died and never came back to life
but knowing our god jesus came back to life to
conquer what death hell in the grave he conquered
your sin through a relationship with jesus by
repenting of your sins and turning your life over
to him and asking god to use you and come and live
with you and give you a life and a purpose you
can experience freedom from your sin so today
that's how we got to the story and i know i just
did a quick summary and god's word really gives
you clarity on a lot more of those details that
i didn't share today but it's important to know
that his resurrection is part of the process
right to complete the process that he conquered
again our sin and to give us hope despite maybe
our circumstances despite what we're physically
going through or spiritually going through
god obviously loves us and he's pursued us
so i could have easily stopped there and said
okay hey we know what the resurrection's for
we know god's story let's go home maybe we're
already ready to eat some lunch i don't know
maybe we are but um there's more to this story
that i hope that you get out of this text that
we're getting ready to jump into and we're going
to really start with verse 5 here and look at how
these two ladies and this is what i love
about god's words is god's going to use
people who really i would say this that speak to
us in a way that we can relate so when it comes to
ladies the ladies are always the first ones at the
party is that right the guys are always lagging
behind that's what we see here today is the ladies
came into the party first so we know it's both of
the mary's um in this but he says this in verse
five this is again the angel speaking of which
just stop for a moment think about this imagine an
angel speaking to you that'd be pretty shocking so
i think that's a pretty cool thing so the angel's
speaking to these two ladies and he says this the
angel told the women don't be afraid because i
know you were looking for jesus who was crucified
these ladies were walking to the tomb expecting
to see a dead savior right the one that they had
put all their hope and they spent all these years
following jesus saying hey he's the messiah he's
the one that's going to save us from our sins
and he died on the cross and their hope was gone
their hope was gone so they were going bringing
spices to be able to finish the burial process and
and why would the angels say hey don't fear well
one because they were afraid that jesus's body had
been taken away and i want to want to show this
verse from a different again the four gospels
matthew mark luke and john give a different
account of this process but this is another
verse where it gives us a little bit more of a
clarity here in john 20 uh verses 11 through 13 it
says this but mary stood outside the tomb crying
and as she was crying she stooped in to look in
the tomb and she saw two angels in white sitting
there where jesus's body was lying and at the head
and at the other at the feet and they
said to her woman why are you crying
and she said because they had taken my lord away
she told them and i don't know where they put them
so you had that point her hope was still lost
she was worried about where jesus's dead body
was that that she was hopeless and does anybody
remember where the disciples were at this point
they weren't there uh even even after jesus
rose from the dead they were even caught out
fishing again they wouldn't kind of back
their old ways of life for a while see
they had lost hope as well so these ladies
were the only ones that had lost hope
and so at the moment of jesus death everyone
lost hope and everything they had put trust
in they'd lost hope but so let's just take some
time here and you may find this unique the more
time that you spend with us here at inspire hope
you'll realize that uh i'm not the only one that
wants to talk to it so let me get you guys
a bit involved in this when you think about
something you've lost hope and maybe it's just
not this last year maybe it's just in your life
um what are some things that you've lost
hope in over the last year or in your
lifetime maybe you're like you put all of
your hope in and you realized it couldn't
come through so what's something maybe you
put your hope in and it's falling through
security security security what let's just
expand on that health health okay so security
of health right especially when you're young
you think you have all the control in the world
right so that's a great one what's another one
what's something else when you put
your hope in and fail other people
yes other people will fail you and
i think if you if you've lived long
enough and you haven't experienced that
oh my gosh but i'm telling you people will
what else keep going
anybody put your trust in maybe a job or money
next thing you know you lost it i know there's a
lot of people in this past year that did the same
thing and man they're struggling right now right
anybody and we won't jump off this anybody who
put their faith in the government there's a mess
right so i hope you didn't but obviously that
right so there's a lot of things that that we
have put our hope in maybe in our lifetimes and
it's filled us see these ladies are not the only
ones that's felt hopeless before and honestly
when we think about even believers that follow
jesus at times felt hopeless because of the
things we can control so just like these ladies we
felt hopeless they were there for the tomb
because that all the hope that they put in jesus
had dissipated in that moment but it didn't stop
there right this is the cool part this is the fun
part i think of easter's it didn't stop in the
hopelessness and just to be real with you it
doesn't stop in the hopelessness maybe that you
have and the things that maybe you've lost hope
in and so we look here at verse 6 and he says
this he is not here for he has risen just as he
said come and see the place where he lay at
that moment those lady realized hope is alive
i just i'd sit there and i
think and imagine this moment
of just hopelessness and then all of a
sudden they realize that it's flipped
what he's risen what he's alive what does that
mean so again standing outside the tomb and just
seeing the angel speaking one's shocking enough
but two to see that what jesus had said he was
gonna do he did now again i didn't see him and
this is the story where i love this statement
right about god and if you live long enough and
you follow jesus you're gonna have a lot of god
moments in your life moments where you thought
you were hopeless you thought everything was
over or things were ruined i can't i don't know
how i'm gonna get over this i don't know how i'm
gonna come back for this i don't know how to
trust people again i don't know how i'm going
to understand to trust god again but god and his
mercy and grace ephesians 2 is one of my favorite
um chapters in the bible where it talks about we
were dead in our transgressions right we were dead
apart from christ but he says in verse three
or four he says but god in his love and mercy
see today we get to celebrate the god
right because god loves us so much
he sent his son jesus not to just die on the
cross for our sins but to rise again to give
us a hope that one day we will rise again in
eternity in heaven but here here's the thing
you'll hear here again more about our church we
really believe that if god has saved you that
he's not saying just wait till you get to heaven
to go live the great life right to go figure out
what it is in eternity to live sinless and to
have all these great things know god gives you
the ability today to experience that hope today
to experience no matter your circumstances the
hope that we have despite everything else that's
going on in our world amen so whenever i thought
about these ladies in the moment that that that
it changed in their perspective that hope was dead
and now hope is alive oh for you again it could
be a time where you think back and you're like
man we're on our last diet and the next
thing you know you get a check in the mail
maybe you get a job maybe it's a person who didn't
get sick this past year and they weren't doing
well and then something changed and maybe they
were obviously healed and you're sitting there
going okay man hope's alive i was hopeless but
hope's a lot i think about this situation and i'm
going to try to be very brief with this but um our
youngest daughter tegan i remember whenever she
was a month old she was rushed to the emergency
room she was life flighted to another hospital
and her condition was bleeding this is again
trying to be short version here but she had
some lung issues that we had no clue about she
was on a ventilator she was on oscillator she was
completely it was just amazing to see that they
could even keep her alive at one month old in less
than 24 hours we were celebrating at church a good
day at church to hopelessness i remember monday
morning monday morning the doctor pulled us in a
separate room and sat us down here's what he said
he said he need to start preparing for
the worst and that moment we were hopeless
but it seemed like day after
day you should begin to
defy the hopelessness and we begin to see that
hope was alive and one of the things that that
god grew us in our faith me and my wife's faith
was this that god was going to be glory to her
life of her death and we gave that all to god we
surrender that to all to god and god by getting
his his mercies and his miracles he saved her
and we realized in that instance hope was alive
and here's my thing with this guys not everybody's
story ends that way just because you have enough
faith god's grace and mercy allowed us to
experience that but i go back to that moment
because i think about these ladies hope was my
monday morning hopelessness was my monday morning
just like these ladies going to the tomb uh
we were hopeless what is going on here to
the moment that we realized there was hope right
like that that's the feeling where i think about
what god has given us we should wake up every day
going hope is alive hope is a lie because jesus
has conquered the grave hope is alive is because
i don't care if my life ends today my hope is in
jesus upon apart from this life like that that's
the things that i think of it in this instance and
and it is difficult when some of our circumstances
seem hopeless when when when somebody doesn't get
healed the way we want them to get healed or maybe
we don't get the job before we are deep in debt
right those are the moments where we're saying
okay well is there really hope in god and the
answer is yes god promises this at the moment
of salvation when you give your life to jesus
he says he will never leave nor forsake you
if anybody gets to know jesus and those who
followed him in the bible we realized that most
of them were in circumstances that were not very
good but yet they found that hope was alive let
me give you a good example of paul the apostle if
you begin to study any of his letters to churches
most of those letters he was writing from prison
he was writing from prison and you know most of
those didn't say hey please come get me out break
me out pray for me you know what most of them were
saying hey no jesus is actually getting more glory
through my imprisonment than as if i were free and
you know we are actually walking through the book
of ephesians on wednesday nights as a direction on
wednesday nights as sunday mornings as a group we
just took a break and here's what paul's saying
he's actually prayed twice for the church not
to get material blessing but to get a spiritual
blessing to understand all that god had given them
and then for them to walk in that and to live
their lives as though they received the hope
that jesus gives so despite our circumstances
hope is alive and so both of these ladies teach us
something when we look at this verse this is the
part i really want to look at he says he is not
here for he has risen just as he said you know
it's hard sometimes in life to trust the word of
someone do they really mean it here's what jesus
did he backed up what he meant and so let me give
you a couple of verses that he had shared with
his disciples and some of his followers before
his death he said this in matthew 16 21 from then
on jesus began to point out to his disciples that
it was necessary for him to go to jerusalem
and to suffer many things from the elders
chief priests and scribes to be killed
and to be raised on the third day
see jesus had already told them this was going to
happen and so the angel points back and he says
remember jesus rose again just like he said he
would but it also says in john 10 17 through 18 it
says this this is why the father loves me because
i lay down my life so that i may take it up again
no one takes it from me but i lay it down
on my own i have the right to lay it down
and i have the right to take it up again i
have received this command from my father
so these ladies are sitting here listening to the
angels saying jesus followed through on this word
why earlier did i say god's word is truth because
god's word is trustworthy to cling to his promises
to teach us that it's important to renew our minds
every day that god's word is good for us and and
i've been challenging even lately to some of our
team members that we have to to look at god's
word daily because we have to renew our minds
daily because it's easy to get distracted that
we're hopeless that our jobs are horrible and
there's no point in them and i don't know how
we're going to make it through right maybe it's
again a financial situation or a relationship
god's word helps us know that's not true and and
this is a statement i've heard from greg rochelle
lately that just challenged me and says your life
is heading the direction of your strongest thought
well if you're renewing your
mind on your worries it'll be
worthy and being consumed by what you can't
control if you'll renew your mind on god's
word it will be god's word and his truth that
gives you the hope that you need every day
so when we experience this hope from jesus through
a relationship with him what does that hope give
us that our lives are meant for something more
than this life i just want you to know this
that despite what happens to you on this
side of heaven god's got a purpose for you
that our life's purpose is more than just
ourselves guys we are so consumed by ourselves
and here's the thing yes we have to wake up
and take care of ourselves and be ourselves
but god has someone on the other side
of your obedience your walk with jesus
that needs to see your relationship lived out
that hope lived out so there's a purpose for
you not just for yourself but for somebody else to
see in you what what god has put in you that hope
the despire our circumstances god is with us that
we have peace that surpasses all understanding the
love that god forgives us right and he welcomes
us in our brokenness i'm just telling you this if
you're in the state today and you're like you know
what i just don't have it together jesus can't use
me no i would beg to differ that's exactly where
he can use you in your brokenness so here's the
last thing that that is so important in this text
they were hopeless and now they had hope that
jesus was alive that he had said what he was going
to do he did and they remembered that again all
those flooding emotions of all that god had told
them or jesus had told them he's fulfilling them
but what are they doing what do you do with the
hope that you've experienced with jesus from jesus
well i think it's clear when angel says this in
verse seven he says then go quickly and tell his
disciples he has risen from the dead and indeed
he is going ahead of you to galilee and you will
see him there and listen i have told you and then
he says this in verse 8 so departing quickly from
the tomb with fear and great joy they ran to
tell his disciples the good news so based upon
what this angel told the ladies to go do with the
message that hope is alive that jesus has risen
what should you do what should you do this is
what go tell how quickly should you go tell them
like right away like you should be running i
mean now if you guys don't run then just briskly
what works for you we see these ladies are a great
example they're sitting there and they're hearing
we've experienced this hope they didn't just sit
down and go this is great let's celebrate praise
you jesus now i think we should stop and celebrate
but we should run we should run and we should
scream hope is alive our lives should scream
hope is alive and they may say but but what i
see in your life there's brokenness and and you're
suffering and you're struggling and maybe it's a
financial issue whatever it is but but there's
hope in your life yes there is why because my
hope is not determined but what happens on this
side of heaven but what has already happened
that god has already won that i've been given a
promise that i will be with him in heaven forever
but i will also be used for god's glory this side
of heaven because i'm just i'll just tell you
i shared this story a couple weeks ago there was
a time when i wasn't chosen for a t-ball team
and i'm just doing this for a short because i
shared the voicemail i wasn't chosen to be on
a teamwork team and i felt so defeated because
you know what that basically said you're not
good at baseball that's basically what you said
you're not going to baseball that defeated me
you ever feel defeated that god couldn't
use you because maybe you're just
not good enough or you don't know enough or
maybe you you have too much brokenness in
your life or you're an introvert whatever
you are or not god's saying i can use it
i wonder why because it's god's power in you it's
not yours it's god's power in you it's not yours
so this last couple of verses that
we looked at we have to go tell
we should run with joy to our neighbors our
co-workers and our city to tell them that hope is
alive that the god of the universe desires to have
a personal relationship with them despite what
they've done see jesus says in matthew 11 28 he
says come to me all you who are weary and burdened
and i will give you rest i know about
y'all but i love going to sleep at night
because i enjoy rest the hope that god gives
is rest in a world that sometimes is just so
chaotic and the things i can't control but
i need that rest the rest that i have in
jesus and how god's changed me is why i'm
standing here today moved from oklahoma
to proclaim that hope is alive because god has
changed me that much not because of what i've
done but because of what he's done in me and
wants to do through me and through this church
god is for you again god desires for
every person to come to faith in christ
and and this is just to get a challenge why are we
planting inspiring hope church because we believe
that the story that we have needs to be told to
every single person we know where did we start
we started with those we knew we're going
to continue to start with those we know
we're going to continue to share that with our
neighbors we're going to need to connect and serve
our city because we love our city and we want them
to know that jesus is alive and jesus has a hope
for them despite whatever they're walking through
so for you this is just my challenge for you today
maybe you felt hopeless maybe you're still in
that mistake of hopelessness maybe you're just
wondering where is god you're wondering what the
next step is in your life and i could be speaking
to somebody who doesn't know jesus but maybe
you do know jesus and you still feel that way
don't beat yourself up see that's what we do is we
we look inwards and we say we're horrible people
and uh we can't do anything but you know what god
does he looks at you and he says you know what
i can use you i can use you because i can
change you i can give you hope in the midst
of your hopelessness so if you felt that
way god is really just saying this today
you can't change your circumstances
but i can so stop looking at yourself
to fix whatever's going on and start just
surrendering to god and saying i need you
see i think at times we get sidetracked and
i think it's easy to forget how good god is
and so maybe you've been living maybe
you walked away from god for a season
god is still saying my grace is sufficient for
you his love is made perfect in your weakness and
your brokenness that's the god i love i need them
every day to forgive me as a church we exist to
inspire hope to help people discover god's purpose
for their life through relationship with jesus
and today that's the last thing i want to tell
you is that today god desires to have a personal
relationship with you if you have never given your
life to christ today is a great day to do that
because there's no day better than a day like
today why because you're not promised tomorrow
that that if you think about all that god wants
to give you in the fact of a relationship in
the hope and the joy why would you wait one
more day i mean i don't know what you guys i
when we get ready to go on a vacation i start
getting anxious for vacations a week before
usually i get sick right before i go on vacations
because i'm so anxious to go on vacation
see if if somebody would tell me
well you can go now i would leave
and go then right because i'm so anxious to get
to the vacation why would you wait one more week
one more sunday because you gotta i mean that was
my story i gotta get it all together before coming
to jesus and no jesus says this no you come to
me and i'll help you get all together anyway
you probably won't be all the way together for the
rest of your life because we still live in a world
that we have struggles with sin but i'm going
to walk through that with you in your brokenness
so today i just want to offer this i'm going to
be up here later back here at the connect table
next steps table if you have any questions
about following jesus giving your life to
jesus what does it mean to even study god's word
what does it mean to pray i i whatever questions
you have to taking next steps towards jesus i
want to talk to you that's what we're here for
um and here's the other challenge again if you've
given your life to christ and maybe you're saying
today was a message need to be here to to get
your life back on track i just pray today that you
repent of your sins and you you turn back to god
and you say god use me use me and if you want to
know how can god use you you can come talk to me
it's not like i've got the great solution what
i'm going to do is i'm going to share with you
biblical truths that god says how he can use you
god desires a relationship with all
of us that's why we celebrate today
he didn't do that just to do it he did it
for a purpose he did it for you so let's
pray lord jesus we're so thankful in the war
your word lord as these ladies went to the tomb
hopeless weren't they left with hope
realizing lord that you were alive and well
and that proved to them lord that you did
not leave them or abandon them lord but
it proved to them lord that you chose them
that you desire to spend eternity with him
and so lord today i pray that everyone was
lord that heard your word today that we
walk away with that same excitement maybe
we walked in hopeless but we walk out
hopefully or that we walk away changed
by the gift of salvation and the gift of
a relationship daily with you through your
word through gathering together as a group
lord we all need you we know that so
lord do what only you can do today
in changing lives lord we pray for the city we
pray for our neighbors we pray for those who work
thanks to lord i pray that each one of us
takes it serious to run to share the hope
that we have so that others can experience
the same exact thing that we've experienced
lord we pray this amen